README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

display live streaming order book data for a crypto coin

README.md, after:

# Order Book App

This is a React.js TypeScript project for displaying live streaming order book data for cryptocurrency.

## Overview

The Order Book App allows users to view live streaming order book data for different cryptocurrency coins and exchanges. It provides a simple interface for selecting the coin and exchange to monitor.

## Features

- Live streaming order book data for selected cryptocurrency coin and exchange.
- Selectable options for cryptocurrency coin and exchange.
- Responsive design for seamless viewing on different devices.

## Technologies Used

- React.js: Frontend JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- TypeScript: Typed superset of JavaScript for improved code quality and developer experience.
- Tailwind CSS: Utility-first CSS framework for building custom designs quickly.
- WebSocket: Protocol for full-duplex communication channels over a single TCP connection.

## Installation

To run the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository

2. Navigate to the project directory

3. Install dependencies: npm install

4. Start the development server: npm run dev

5. Open your browser and view the app.
